sister-in-law
Let me tell you something
You provoke me three or four times
In fact, colluding with Enron
Want to get rid of me
You know I drugged you
I also know that I take care of Wei Xiaoyan and your sister
I admit that you are much smarter than I thought
But you won't really
You think I don't know anything about this?
Aren't you curious how I know?
All thanks to
For your self-righteous girlfriend
If it weren't for Enron's pursuit of Mingli
i
How did I know my wife dug such a big one?
The pit made me jump in
Central red brother
Sister-in-law may have figured it out if she said something delicious.
Ok, you've thought about it.
I only know
You bastard
Hey sister-in-law
Really, you will give us the equity and land.
You don't have to suffer
Your brother is a beast
You're not even a beast
Okay, really young
You say you are so young
Have you ever thought about it?
Nini
Hahaha, what do you do to Nini first?
I am Nihua
Are you still human?
Nini is your own flesh and blood
I beg you.
I beg you not to touch Nini
Please. Please.
Let you say anything to you
It's incredibly simple.
What's the matter if you give us the equity and land?
But if you don't give it to us
Then I really can't help it.
I can only throw Nini into the river
Why is that?
Bah, you touched Nini
I won't see anything
You get out of here, you don't want it anymore, that's enough
You killed him and we won't get a penny